DOCS-370: Object Locking Feature Page (#384)
minio/docs: source/object-retention/minio-object-locking.rst

      .. image:: /images/retention/minio-object-locking-delete.svg
         :alt: Delete Operation in Locked Bucket
         :align: center

      Delete operations follow normal behavior in 
      :ref:`versioned buckets <minio-bucket-versioning-delete>`, where MinIO
      creates a ``DeleteMarker`` for the object. However, non-Delete Marker 
      versions of the object remain under the retention rules and are protected 
      from any specific deletion or overwrite attempts.

   .. card:: Versioned Delete Operations in Locked Bucket

      .. image:: /images/retention/minio-object-locking-delete-version.svg
         :alt: Versioned Delete Operation in a Locked Bucket
         :align: center

      MinIO blocks any attempt to delete a specific object version held under
      WORM lock. The earliest possible time after which a client may delete
      the version is when the lock expires.

MinIO object locking is 
:s3-docs:`feature and API compatible with AWS S3 <object-lock.html>`. 
This page summarizes Object Locking / Retention concepts as implemented by 
MinIO. See The AWS S3 documentation on
:s3-docs:`How S3 Object Lock works <object-lock.html>` for additional
resources.

> You must enable object locking during bucket creation as per 

Author: ```suggestion
You can only enable object locking during bucket creation as per 
```

:s3-docs:`S3 behavior <object-lock-overview.html#object-lock-bucket-config>`. 

> You can then configure object retention rules at any time.
> Object locking requires :ref:`versioning <minio-bucket-versioning>` and
> enables the feature implicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot enable object locking on a bucket created without locking
enabled. You can then configure object retention rules at any time.
Object locking requires :ref:`versioning <minio-bucket-versioning>` and
enables the feature implicitly.
```

      .. image:: /images/retention/minio-object-locking-delete.svg
         :alt: Delete Operation in Locked Bucket
         :align: center

      Delete operations follow normal behavior in 
      :ref:`versioned buckets <minio-bucket-versioning-delete>`, where MinIO
      creates a ``DeleteMarker`` for the object. However, non-Delete Marker 
      versions of the object remain under the retention rules and are protected 
      from any specific deletion or overwrite attempts.

   .. card:: Versioned Delete Operations in Locked Bucket

      .. image:: /images/retention/minio-object-locking-delete-version.svg
         :alt: Versioned Delete Operation in a Locked Bucket
         :align: center

      MinIO blocks any attempt to delete a specific object version held under
      WORM lock. The earliest possible time after which a client may delete
      the version is when the lock expires.

MinIO object locking is 
:s3-docs:`feature and API compatible with AWS S3 <object-lock.html>`. 
This page summarizes Object Locking / Retention concepts as implemented by 
MinIO. See the AWS S3 documentation on
:s3-docs:`How S3 Object Lock works <object-lock.html>` for additional
resources.

> You can only enable object locking during bucket creation as per 

Author: @eco-minio LMK what you think, this should make the behavior as clear as possible.

Reviewer: looks good
